{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}\ \b The Metropolitan Museum of Art \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 5.0 \t \b Reviews:\b0 38592 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 2-3 hours   Fee: Yes \line\ \b Description: \b0 At New York City's most visited museum and attraction, you will experience over 5,000 years of art from around the world. The Met is for anyone as a source of inspiration, insight and understanding. You can learn, escape, play, dream, discover, connect.     \line\line\ \b Ground Zero Museum Workshop \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 5.0 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2619 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 Ground Zero Museum Workshop: Images & Artifacts from the 9/11 Recovery, in the Meatpacking District near Chelsea Market and the High Line Park. A 5-Star Rated Tour. Want to feel what it was like to be with FDNY Firefighters on the front lines after the 9/11 attacks? Want to educate your kids about this tough subject in a gentle and non-threatening way? Experience the Stunning Images of Official Ground Zero Photographer Gary Marlon Suson. "Rare Photos" (New York Times) are displayed, some in lifelike 3D installations, as well as artifacts & rare video. Rated in Trip Advisor's "Top 25 Museums in the USA" for 2013 and 2014 and in Trip Advisor's "Hall of Fame." Presented in BOSE Surround Sound Audio. 100 Stories. Praised by parents as a "safe" introduction to 9/11. Guests are allowed to pick up rare World Trade Center artifacts. Daily 1.5-hour audio tours from 11am-3pm Wednesday through Sunday include a tour guide and the self-guided audio narration in Dolby Stereo, in English, Italian, French and Spanish. Proceeds shared with 9/11 and FDNY Charity. Walk-ins welcome. CLOSED MONDAY and TUESDAY. "Incredible Images" says Fox News Channel. Known worldwide as the "Biggest LITTLE Museum in New York." The "first stop" before heading to visit Ground Zero. On display are "The Frozen Clock" - "The Bible Page" - artifacts such as the largest piece of World Trade window glass in existence and many more well-known images featured on FOX NEWS, BBC and CNN. Small gift area sells books and posters. No graphic footage nor images from morning of 9/11 are shown at GZMW. Tastefully and realistically presented. This award-winning tour is a wonderful prequel to your visit to the National 9/11 Memorial + Museum. Reservations accepted. Handicapped accessible. New 2016 Fall Hours: Closed Monday + Tuesday. Open Wednesday thru Sunday 11am-3pm.     \line\line\ \b The National 9/11 Memorial & Museum \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 57143 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours   Fee: No \line\ \b Description: \b0 The National September 11 Memorial & Museum is a place of remembrance honoring those who perished in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and February 26, 1993. The 9/11 Memorial consists of two massive pools set within the original footprints of the Twin Towers with 30-foot waterfalls cascading down their sides. The nearly 3,000 names of the men, women, and children killed in the attacks are inscribed into bronze parapets surrounding the twin Memorial pools. The 9/11 Memorial is open daily from 7:30 a.m. - 9:00 p.m. and is free to the public. The 9/11 Memorial Museum displays monumental artifacts linked to the events of 9/11, while presenting intimate stories of loss, compassion, reckoning and recovery that are central to telling the story of the 2001 and 1993 attacks and the aftermath. It also explores the global impact of 9/11 and its continuing significance. The 9/11 Memorial Museum is open Sun - Thu, 9:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m., last entry at 6:00 p.m. and Fri and Sat, 9:00 a.m. - 9:00 p.m., last entry at 7:00 p.m. Tickets are required.Open Daily.     \line\line\ \b American Museum of Natural History \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 14961 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: Yes \line\ \b Description: \b0 Interactive, modernized exhibits and an IMAX theater help bring this museum, dedicated to understanding the past, into the 21st century.     \line\line\ \b The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 11374 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 2-3 hours   Fee: Yes \line\ \b Description: \b0 Located in the heart of midtown Manhattan, The Museum of Modern Art is home to the world's greatest collection of modern and contemporary art. The collection includes Vincent van Gogh's "The Starry Night" and Andy Warhol's "Gold Marilyn Monroe," along with works by Jackson Pollock, Jasper Johns, Cindy Sherman, Elizabeth Murray, and many other great artists of our time. MoMA's collection also showcases photography, film, architecture, design, media, and performance art. Visitors can also enjoy shopping and fine and casual dining options.     \line\line\ \b New York Public Library \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 8979 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Two marble lions mark the entrance to this Beaux Arts masterpiece, a National Historic Landmark containing more than six million books.      \line\line\ \b Frick Collection \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 6984 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Henry Frick once resided in this 18th-century French-style mansion; now its the home of his impressive art collection, which includes Titian, Vermeer, Rembrandt, El Greco, Goya, Whistler and more.      \line\line\ \b Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 6049 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 The Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum is a nonprofit, educational institution featuring the legendary aircraft carrier Intrepid, the space shuttle Enterprise, the world's fastest jets and a guided missile submarine. Through exhibitions, educational programming and the foremost collection of technologically groundbreaking aircraft and vessels, visitors of all ages and abilities are taken on an interactive journey through history to learn about American innovation and bravery.åÊ Welcoming over one million visitors annually, the Museum includes the Space Shuttle Pavilion, home to Enterprise, the world's first space shuttle that paved the way for America's successful Space Shuttle Program. On display are more than two dozen authentically restored aircraft, including the Lockheed A-12 Blackbird, the world's fastest military jet and spy plane, and the British Airways Concorde, the fastest commercial aircraft to ever cross the Atlantic Ocean. The Museum also includes the submarine Growler, the only American diesel-powered strategic missile submarine open to the public; the Exploreum Interactive Hall, a fully interactive exhibit space; an 18,000 sq. ft. education center; and Pier 86, a publicly accessible pier that is part of the Hudson River Park Trust.åÊ Download our free iPhone app, Mission Intrepid: Explore Enterprise, from the App Store today, and enhance your experience in the Space Shuttle Pavilion!The mission of the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum is to promote the awareness and understanding of history, science and service through its collections, exhibitions and programming in order to honor our heroes, educate the public and inspire our youth.     \line\line\ \b Tenement Museum \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 4603 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 The Tenement Museum preserves the history of immigration through the personal accounts of those who built lives in the Lower East Side. Visitors can view restored apartments from the 19th and 20th centuries, walk the historic neighborhood, and interact with residents to learn the stories of generations of immigrants who helped shape the American experience.The museum is available by guided tour only. Each tour focuses on a specific theme and takes visitors to a different area of the building or neighborhood.     \line\line\ \b Ellis Island \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 4309 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Visitors can retrace the steps of their ancestors at this famous landing point that welcomed millions of immigrants to the United States.     \line\line\ \b The Met Cloisters \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 3969 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: Yes \line\ \b Description: \b0 Branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art that was constructed out of sections of French medieval monasteries, offers an extensive collection of statues, paintings, stained glass windows and tapestries.     \line\line\ \b Whitney Museum of American Art \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2090 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 The Whitney Museum of American Art, founded in 1930 by the artist and philanthropist Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney, houses the foremost collection of American art from the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. Mrs. Whitney, an early and ardent supporter of modern American art, nurtured groundbreaking artists at a time when audiences were still largely preoccupied with the Old Masters. From her vision arose the Whitney Museum of American Art, which has been championing the most innovative art of the United States for more than eighty years. The core of the Whitney's mission is to collect, preserve, interpret, and exhibit American art of our time and serve a wide variety of audiences in celebration of the complexity and diversity of art and culture in the United States. Through this mission and a steadfast commitment to artists themselves, the Whitney has long been a powerful force in support of modern and contemporary art and continues to help define what is innovative and influential in American art today.     \line\line\ \b Ellis Island Immigration Museum \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1950 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 N.A. \line\line\ \b The Morgan Library & Museum \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1188 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 Just a short walk from Grand Central and Penn Station, the Morgan is a major exhibition venue for fine art, literature, and music, one of New York's great historic sites, and a wonderful place to dine, shop, and attend a concert or film.     \line\line\ \b Neue Galerie \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1035 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 A museum displaying works of art by German and Austrian artists and designers.     \line\line\ \b Madame Tussauds New York \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.0 \t \b Reviews:\b0 5965 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 Get your selfie sticks ready! Madame Tussauds in Times Square is the only place with no ropes or barriers holding you back from getting photos with your favorite stars! Voted as one of New York's most unique attractions, Madame Tussauds invites you to pose with over 200 figures of internationally renowned musicians, A-list stars, sports legends, world leaders, super heroes and more. With several newly renovated spaces, the world famous wax attraction is bigger and better than ever!     \line\line\ \b Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 3.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 3828 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 The circular Frank Lloyd Wright-designed building is as much of a draw as the museum's collection of modern art.     \line\line}\n\x00