{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}\ \b The Metropolitan Museum of Art \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 5.0 \t \b Reviews:\b0 38595 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 2-3 hours   Fee: Yes \line\ \b Description: \b0 At New York City's most visited museum and attraction, you will experience over 5,000 years of art from around the world. The Met is for anyone as a source of inspiration, insight and understanding. You can learn, escape, play, dream, discover, connect.     \line\line\ \b Manhattan Skyline \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 5.0 \t \b Reviews:\b0 15397 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 N.A. \line\line\ \b Central Park \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 86871 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: No \line\ \b Description: \b0 For more than 150 years, visitors have flocked to Central Park's 843 green acres in the heart of Manhattan. Since 1980, the Park has been managed by the Central Park Conservancy, in partnership with the public. Central Park is open 6 am to 1 am daily. Visit the official website of Central Park to learn more about Park happenings and activities and to learn how you to help Central Park!     \line\line\ \b The National 9/11 Memorial & Museum \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 57149 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours   Fee: No \line\ \b Description: \b0 The National September 11 Memorial & Museum is a place of remembrance honoring those who perished in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and February 26, 1993. The 9/11 Memorial consists of two massive pools set within the original footprints of the Twin Towers with 30-foot waterfalls cascading down their sides. The nearly 3,000 names of the men, women, and children killed in the attacks are inscribed into bronze parapets surrounding the twin Memorial pools. The 9/11 Memorial is open daily from 7:30 a.m. - 9:00 p.m. and is free to the public. The 9/11 Memorial Museum displays monumental artifacts linked to the events of 9/11, while presenting intimate stories of loss, compassion, reckoning and recovery that are central to telling the story of the 2001 and 1993 attacks and the aftermath. It also explores the global impact of 9/11 and its continuing significance. The 9/11 Memorial Museum is open Sun - Thu, 9:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m., last entry at 6:00 p.m. and Fri and Sat, 9:00 a.m. - 9:00 p.m., last entry at 7:00 p.m. Tickets are required.Open Daily.     \line\line\ \b Top of the Rock Observation Deck \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 54110 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Fee: Yes \line\ \b Description: \b0 Top of the Rock Observation Deck, the newly opened, 3-tiered observation deck on the 67th, 69th and 70th floors of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, is New York City's most amazing attraction! The unforgettable experience includes a panoramic 360-degree, unobstructed view from the 70th floor observatory, 850 feet in the sky! Hours of Operation: 8:00 AM - Midnight, last elevator goes up at 11:00 PM.Main entrance is located on 50th Street between 5th & 6th Avenues.     \line\line\ \b Empire State Building \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 48946 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours   Fee: Yes \line\ \b Description: \b0 The world-famous Empire State Building offers unobstructed panoramic views of New York City and beyond from 8 a.m. until 2 a.m. daily. Our 86th and 102nd floor Observation Decks offer the two highest vantage points in New York City. Soaring 1,454 feet above Midtown Manhattan from base to antenna, the Empire State Building is the World's Most Famous Office Building. Named America's favorite building in a poll conducted by the American Institute of Architects, the Empire State Building is one of New York City's top tourist destinations. On a clear day, you can see up to five states from our Observation Decks - New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Massachusetts. Guests can enjoy our outdoor viewing area on our open-air 86th floor Observatory, or our indoor climate-controlled viewing areas on the 86th and 102nd floors. We recently launched our new Multimedia Experience as well, which guides visitors through the extraordinary exhibits and breathtaking views with additional depth on the building's history in eight languages - including English, Spanish, French, Italian, Mandarin, Portuguese, Japanese and Korean. The Empire State Building aims to provide entertainment for guests of all ages. Bringing children? Have their picture taken with King Kong himself on our 80th floor from Thursdays through Mondays (12 p.m. until 9 p.m.). Celebrating a first date or an anniversary? Enjoy romantic tunes from our saxophone player from 9 p.m. until midnight every Thursday through Saturday night. Tickets can be purchased through our website. Our celebrated tower lights are often illuminated to commemorate holidays, events and special causes. In the Fall of 2012, we upgraded our tower lighting system from floodlights to one-of-a-kind LED tower lights. The state-of-the-art system allows customized lighting capabilities from a palette of over 16 million colors! To watch some of our recent light shows, visit our YouTube page. Reigning as the world's tallest building from 1931 to 1970, the Empire State Building is known for its distinct Art Deco style. Construction of the renowned icon only took one year and 45 days, and logged more than 7 million man hours. This is the fastest construction to date for a project of its scale. Additionally, from classics like An Affair to Remember and Sleepless in Seattle to recent hits such as Oblivion and Elf, our place in pop culture has been solidified since our early days. In fact, over 200 movies and TV shows have featured the Empire State Building in them!     \line\line\ \b The High Line \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 39757 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 2-3 hours   Fee: No \line\ \b Description: \b0 The High Line is an elevated railway transformed into a public park on Manhattan's West Side. The park features lush horticulture, artworks, seasonal food vendors, community programming, and unique views of the Hudson River and New York City skyline. The High Line runs between Gansevoort Street to West 34th Street, between 10th and 12th Avenues.Friends of the High Line raises 98% of the High Lineäó»s annual budget. Owned by the City of New York, the High Line is a public park maintained, operated, and programmed by Friends of the High Line, in partnership with the New York City Department of Parks & Recreation.     \line\line\ \b Times Square \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 28260 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 Central area in NYC that has many shops, restaurants, office buildings and flashing billboards around it.     \line\line\ \b Grand Central Terminal \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 26290 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 Grand Central Terminal is the most extraordinary public space in New York City. Opened to the public in 1913, this historic train terminal is a world-famous landmark in Midtown. Its rich history is a story of immense wealth and great engineering. Grand Central is one of the busiest train stations in the world, with approximately 750,000 visitors every day. It is the home of Metro-North Railroad, a subway station, iconic restaurants, shops, and the world's most alluring Apple Store. Some of the highlights to see along your tour of Grand Central include the opal-faced clock, valued at $20 million, above the Information Booth, the Largest Tiffany Glass Clock in the World below the 48-foot, 1500-ton Transportation statue overlooking 42nd Street at Park Avenue, and the mystifying acoustics of the Whispering Gallery in front of the Oyster Bar and Restaurant. Audio and guided tours are available for those with a passion for history. More information regarding tours and ways to plan your visit can be found on the Grand Central Terminal website.     \line\line\ \b Statue of Liberty \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 24861 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: Yes \line\ \b Description: \b0 The Statue of Liberty Enlightening the World was a gift of friendship from the people of France to the people of the United States and is a universal symbol of freedom and democracy. The Statue of Liberty was dedicated on October 28, 1886, designated as a National Monument in 1924 and restored for her centennial on July 4, 1986.     \line\line\ \b Broadway \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 21593 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Description: The most famous theater district in the world. \line\line\ \b Rockefeller Center \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 14998 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours   Fee: No \line\ \b Description: \b0 Rockefeller Center is a national historic landmark in the heart of Midtown Manhattan. Home to Top of the Rock Observation Deck, NBC Studios, Radio City Music Hall and much more. Shop, dine and explore at one of New York's most inspiring locations.     \line\line\ \b One World Observatory - World Trade Center \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 12409 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 Start at the top of the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere, where you can truly feel the city's invincible spirit. SEE FOREVERä‹¢.     \line\line\ \b St. Patrick's Cathedral \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 7252 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Enormous 13th-century-style Gothic church on Madison Avenue, with a seating capacity of 2,200, rose window reaching 26 feet across, pipe organ with more than 7,380 pipes and the graceful twin spires that reach 330 feet into the sky.     \line\line\ \b Madison Square Garden \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 6043 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Description: Tours run daily beginning at 9:30 AM. \line\line\ \b Radio City Music Hall \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 5976 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 2-3 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 Description: Tours run daily starting at 9:30 AM \line\line\ \b Fifth Avenue \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 5740 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Famous street offering some of the most expensive and fashionable shops in the city.     \line\line\ \b Ellis Island \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 4309 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Visitors can retrace the steps of their ancestors at this famous landing point that welcomed millions of immigrants to the United States.     \line\line\ \b The Met Cloisters \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 3969 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: Yes \line\ \b Description: \b0 Branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art that was constructed out of sections of French medieval monasteries, offers an extensive collection of statues, paintings, stained glass windows and tapestries.     \line\line\ \b St. Paul's Chapel \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2955 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: <1 hour \line\ \b Description: \b0 .   The chapel is closed for restoration until work is completed in the fall. The churchyard will remain open. St. Paul's Chapel is part of Trinity Wall Street, an Episcopal parish that has been a part of New York City since 1697. The parish is deeply rooted in the cityäó»s and the nationäó»s history. Established during the British occupation of New York and recognized by royal charter, Trinity was the first Anglican Church (which followed the services of the Church of England and included the King or Queen in its prayers) in Manhattan.Œæ St. Paul's Chapel was founded in 1766 as a chapel-of-ease at Broadway and Fulton Street. George Washington prayed there after his inauguration as President in 1789. Located just across the street from the World Trade Center, St. Pauläó»s played an important role in hosting recovery workers after the attacks of September 11, 2001.     \line\line\ \b SoHo \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2835 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Description: Fashionable neighborhood with boutiques, art and restaurants. \line\line\ \b Greenwich Village \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2658 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Like a small town within Manhattan, the Village has narrow tree-lined streets and brick townhouses.     \line\line\ \b Washington Square Park \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2287 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 A 9.75-acre city park in Greenwich Village, characterized by its large, central fountain, and known as a major center of community activity for the neighborhood residents.     \line\line\ \b Flatiron Building \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2081 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 This Daniel Burnham design got its moniker because, as you might guess, it resembles an iron.     \line\line\ \b Chrysler Building \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2075 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 This Art Deco masterpiece is actually no longer the property of the auto manufacturer.     \line\line\ \b The Morgan Library & Museum \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1188 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line\ \b Description: \b0 Just a short walk from Grand Central and Penn Station, the Morgan is a major exhibition venue for fine art, literature, and music, one of New York's great historic sites, and a wonderful place to dine, shop, and attend a concert or film.     \line\line\ \b West Village \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1088 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 N.A. \line\line\ \b Cathedral Church of Saint John the Divine \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1072 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: <1 hour \line\ \b Description: \b0 Description: This cathedral, the world's largest, is entirely hand-crafted. \line\line\ \b Little Italy \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.0 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2645 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Description: Neighborhood west of SoHo famous for Italian restaurants. \line\line\ \b Wall Street \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.0 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2240 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 The financial heartbeat of the United States, Wall Street is home to the New York Stock Exchange, where visitors can witness the frenetic and wild pace of stock trading.     \line\line\ \b Strawberry Fields, John Lennon Memorial \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.0 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1277 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 N.A. \line\line\ \b United Nations Headquarters \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.0 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1168 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Visitors can learn about the UN's peacekeeping and humanitarian efforts by touring the complex, even when it is in session. Important notice: Because of the new public access regulations and limitations starting June 2013, please also note that tour tickets will NOT be sold on premises and a guided tour ticket for visitors is required to enter the UN Headquarters.     \line\line\ \b Union Square \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 4.0 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1024 \line\ \b Details: \b0 Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: No \line\ \b Description: \b0 Union Square has a year-round greenmarket, where you can sample goods from local farmers. It also has several playgrounds, a lively holiday market, and benches where you can watch a slice of New York go by.     \line\line\ \b Chinatown \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 3.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 2919 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 Chinese immigrants have brought their traditions and culture to this neighborhood in New York City's Lower East Side.     \line\line\ \b Charging Bull (Wall Street Bull) \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 3.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1198 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 N.A. \line\line\ \b Pennsylvania Station \b0 \line \ \b Rating:\b0 3.5 \t \b Reviews:\b0 1031 \line\ \b Details: \b0 N.A. \line\ \b Description: \b0 N.A. \line\line}\n\x00