{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}} \b ************************************************DAY1************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ \b The National 9/11 Memorial & Museum \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 180 Greenwich St, World Trade Center, New York City, NY 10007-0089 \line\ Description: \enspace The National September 11 Memorial & Museum is a place of remembrance honoring those who perished in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and February 26, 1993. The 9/11 Memorial consists of two massive pools set within the original footprints of the Twin Towers with 30-foot waterfalls cascading down their sides. The nearly 3,000 names of the men, women, and children killed in the attacks are inscribed into bronze parapets surrounding the twin Memorial pools. The 9/11 Memorial is open daily from 7:30 a.m. - 9:00 p.m. and is free to the public. The 9/11 Memorial Museum displays monumental artifacts linked to the events of 9/11, while presenting intimate stories of loss, compassion, reckoning and recovery that are central to telling the story of the 2001 and 1993 attacks and the aftermath. It also explores the global impact of 9/11 and its continuing significance. The 9/11 Memorial Museum is open Sun - Thu, 9:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m., last entry at 6:00 p.m. and Fri and Sat, 9:00 a.m. - 9:00 p.m., last entry at 7:00 p.m. Tickets are required.Open Daily.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours   Fee: No \line \line\ \b Manhattan Skyline \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace New York City, NY \line\ Description: \enspace N.A. \line\ Detail: \enspace N.A. \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ \b Gild Hall - A Thompson Hotel \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 15 Gold Street, Wall Street - Financial District, New York City, NY 10038, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 8.9 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 550 \line\ \line\ \b Lex Hotel NYC \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 67 Lexington Avenue, Kips Bay, New York City, NY 10010, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 8.9 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 497 \line\ \line\ \b Restaurant: \b0 \line\ \b Andrea Salumeria \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 247 Central AveJersey City, NJ 07307 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 169 \line\ \line\ \b L'industrie Pizzeria \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 254 S 2nd StWilliamsburg, NY 11211 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 123 \line\ \line\ \b Kichin \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 297 BroadwayBrooklyn, NY 11211 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 95 \line\ \line\ \line\ \line\  \b ************************************************DAY2************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ \b The Metropolitan Museum of Art \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 1000 5th Ave, New York City, NY 10028-0198 \line\ Description: \enspace At New York City's most visited museum and attraction, you will experience over 5,000 years of art from around the world. The Met is for anyone as a source of inspiration, insight and understanding. You can learn, escape, play, dream, discover, connect.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 2-3 hours   Fee: Yes \line \line\ \b Central Park \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 59th to 110th Street, Manhattan Borough, from Central Park West to 5th Avenue, New York City, NY 10022 \line\ Description: \enspace For more than 150 years, visitors have flocked to Central Park's 843 green acres in the heart of Manhattan. Since 1980, the Park has been managed by the Central Park Conservancy, in partnership with the public. Central Park is open 6 am to 1 am daily. Visit the official website of Central Park to learn more about Park happenings and activities and to learn how you to help Central Park!     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: No \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ \b Hotel Beacon \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 2130 Broadway, Upper West Side, New York City, NY 10023, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 8.9 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 2685 \line\ \line\ \b InterContinental New York Barclay Hotel \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 111 East 48th Street, Midtown East, New York City, 10017, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 462 \line\ \line\ \b Restaurant: \b0 \line\ \b Sweet & Sara \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 43-31 33rd StLong Island City, NY 11101 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 57 \line\ \line\ \b D'Amore Winebar & Ristorante \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 118 E 116th StNew York, NY 10029 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 153 \line\ \line\ \b Our Coffee Shop \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 38-08 29th StLong Island City, NY 11101 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 41 \line\ \line\ \line\ \line\  \b ************************************************DAY3************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ \b Ground Zero Museum Workshop \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 420 W 14th St, Floor 2, New York City, NY 10014-1064 \line\ Description: \enspace Ground Zero Museum Workshop: Images & Artifacts from the 9/11 Recovery, in the Meatpacking District near Chelsea Market and the High Line Park. A 5-Star Rated Tour. Want to feel what it was like to be with FDNY Firefighters on the front lines after the 9/11 attacks? Want to educate your kids about this tough subject in a gentle and non-threatening way? Experience the Stunning Images of Official Ground Zero Photographer Gary Marlon Suson. "Rare Photos" (New York Times) are displayed, some in lifelike 3D installations, as well as artifacts & rare video. Rated in Trip Advisor's "Top 25 Museums in the USA" for 2013 and 2014 and in Trip Advisor's "Hall of Fame." Presented in BOSE Surround Sound Audio. 100 Stories. Praised by parents as a "safe" introduction to 9/11. Guests are allowed to pick up rare World Trade Center artifacts. Daily 1.5-hour audio tours from 11am-3pm Wednesday through Sunday include a tour guide and the self-guided audio narration in Dolby Stereo, in English, Italian, French and Spanish. Proceeds shared with 9/11 and FDNY Charity. Walk-ins welcome. CLOSED MONDAY and TUESDAY. "Incredible Images" says Fox News Channel. Known worldwide as the "Biggest LITTLE Museum in New York." The "first stop" before heading to visit Ground Zero. On display are "The Frozen Clock" - "The Bible Page" - artifacts such as the largest piece of World Trade window glass in existence and many more well-known images featured on FOX NEWS, BBC and CNN. Small gift area sells books and posters. No graphic footage nor images from morning of 9/11 are shown at GZMW. Tastefully and realistically presented. This award-winning tour is a wonderful prequel to your visit to the National 9/11 Memorial + Museum. Reservations accepted. Handicapped accessible. New 2016 Fall Hours: Closed Monday + Tuesday. Open Wednesday thru Sunday 11am-3pm.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line \line\ \b Top of the Rock Observation Deck \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 30 Rockefeller Center, New York City, NY \line\ Description: \enspace Top of the Rock Observation Deck, the newly opened, 3-tiered observation deck on the 67th, 69th and 70th floors of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, is New York City's most amazing attraction! The unforgettable experience includes a panoramic 360-degree, unobstructed view from the 70th floor observatory, 850 feet in the sky! Hours of Operation: 8:00 AM - Midnight, last elevator goes up at 11:00 PM.Main entrance is located on 50th Street between 5th & 6th Avenues.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Fee: Yes \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ \b EVEN Hotel New York Times Square South \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 321 West 35th Street, Hell's Kitchen, New York City, NY 10001, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.1 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 670 \line\ \line\ \b The Bernic Hotel \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 145 East 47th Street, Midtown East, New York City, 10017, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.6 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 9 \line\ \line\ \b Restaurant: \b0 \line\ \b Ruffian Wine Bar & Chef's Table \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 125 E 7th StNew York, NY 10009 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 83 \line\ \line\ \b Miscelanea NY \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 63 E 4th StNew York, NY 10003 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 93 \line\ \line\ \b Le Pif \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 465 W 23rd StNew York, NY 10011 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 52 \line\ \line\ \line\ \line\ }\n\x00