{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}} \b ************************************************DAY1************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ \b Times Square \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace Broadway, New York City, NY 10036 \line\ Description: \enspace Central area in NYC that has many shops, restaurants, office buildings and flashing billboards around it.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line \line\ \b Grand Central Terminal \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 89 E 42nd Street, New York City, NY 10017-5503 \line\ Description: \enspace Grand Central Terminal is the most extraordinary public space in New York City. Opened to the public in 1913, this historic train terminal is a world-famous landmark in Midtown. Its rich history is a story of immense wealth and great engineering. Grand Central is one of the busiest train stations in the world, with approximately 750,000 visitors every day. It is the home of Metro-North Railroad, a subway station, iconic restaurants, shops, and the world's most alluring Apple Store. Some of the highlights to see along your tour of Grand Central include the opal-faced clock, valued at $20 million, above the Information Booth, the Largest Tiffany Glass Clock in the World below the 48-foot, 1500-ton Transportation statue overlooking 42nd Street at Park Avenue, and the mystifying acoustics of the Whispering Gallery in front of the Oyster Bar and Restaurant. Audio and guided tours are available for those with a passion for history. More information regarding tours and ways to plan your visit can be found on the Grand Central Terminal website.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ \b Hotel Beacon \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 2130 Broadway, Upper West Side, New York City, NY 10023, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 8.9 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 2685 \line\ \line\ \b citizenM New York Times Square \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 218 West 50th Street, New York City, NY 10019, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.1 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 5940 \line\ \line\ \b Restaurant: \b0 \line\ \b Miscelanea NY \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 63 E 4th StNew York, NY 10003 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 93 \line\ \line\ \b Sweet & Sara \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 43-31 33rd StLong Island City, NY 11101 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 57 \line\ \line\ \b Ruffian Wine Bar & Chef's Table \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 125 E 7th StNew York, NY 10009 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 83 \line\ \line\ \line\ \line\  \b ************************************************DAY2************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ \b The Metropolitan Museum of Art \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 1000 5th Ave, New York City, NY 10028-0198 \line\ Description: \enspace At New York City's most visited museum and attraction, you will experience over 5,000 years of art from around the world. The Met is for anyone as a source of inspiration, insight and understanding. You can learn, escape, play, dream, discover, connect.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 2-3 hours   Fee: Yes \line \line\ \b Central Park \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 59th to 110th Street, Manhattan Borough, from Central Park West to 5th Avenue, New York City, NY 10022 \line\ Description: \enspace For more than 150 years, visitors have flocked to Central Park's 843 green acres in the heart of Manhattan. Since 1980, the Park has been managed by the Central Park Conservancy, in partnership with the public. Central Park is open 6 am to 1 am daily. Visit the official website of Central Park to learn more about Park happenings and activities and to learn how you to help Central Park!     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: No \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ \b The Bernic Hotel \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 145 East 47th Street, Midtown East, New York City, 10017, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.6 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 9 \line\ \line\ \b Hyatt Centric Times Square New York \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 135 West 45th Street, New York City, NY 10036, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 8.9 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 1483 \line\ \line\ \b Restaurant: \b0 \line\ \b Sweet & Sara \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 43-31 33rd StLong Island City, NY 11101 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 57 \line\ \line\ \b Our Coffee Shop \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 38-08 29th StLong Island City, NY 11101 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 41 \line\ \line\ \b D'Amore Winebar & Ristorante \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 118 E 116th StNew York, NY 10029 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 153 \line\ \line\ \line\ \line\  \b ************************************************DAY3************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ \b Manhattan Skyline \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace New York City, NY \line\ Description: \enspace N.A. \line\ Detail: \enspace N.A. \line \line\ \b Empire State Building \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 350 Fifth Avenue, Between 33rd and 34th Streets, New York City, NY 10118-0110 \line\ Description: \enspace The world-famous Empire State Building offers unobstructed panoramic views of New York City and beyond from 8 a.m. until 2 a.m. daily. Our 86th and 102nd floor Observation Decks offer the two highest vantage points in New York City. Soaring 1,454 feet above Midtown Manhattan from base to antenna, the Empire State Building is the World's Most Famous Office Building. Named America's favorite building in a poll conducted by the American Institute of Architects, the Empire State Building is one of New York City's top tourist destinations. On a clear day, you can see up to five states from our Observation Decks - New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Massachusetts. Guests can enjoy our outdoor viewing area on our open-air 86th floor Observatory, or our indoor climate-controlled viewing areas on the 86th and 102nd floors. We recently launched our new Multimedia Experience as well, which guides visitors through the extraordinary exhibits and breathtaking views with additional depth on the building's history in eight languages - including English, Spanish, French, Italian, Mandarin, Portuguese, Japanese and Korean. The Empire State Building aims to provide entertainment for guests of all ages. Bringing children? Have their picture taken with King Kong himself on our 80th floor from Thursdays through Mondays (12 p.m. until 9 p.m.). Celebrating a first date or an anniversary? Enjoy romantic tunes from our saxophone player from 9 p.m. until midnight every Thursday through Saturday night. Tickets can be purchased through our website. Our celebrated tower lights are often illuminated to commemorate holidays, events and special causes. In the Fall of 2012, we upgraded our tower lighting system from floodlights to one-of-a-kind LED tower lights. The state-of-the-art system allows customized lighting capabilities from a palette of over 16 million colors! To watch some of our recent light shows, visit our YouTube page. Reigning as the world's tallest building from 1931 to 1970, the Empire State Building is known for its distinct Art Deco style. Construction of the renowned icon only took one year and 45 days, and logged more than 7 million man hours. This is the fastest construction to date for a project of its scale. Additionally, from classics like An Affair to Remember and Sleepless in Seattle to recent hits such as Oblivion and Elf, our place in pop culture has been solidified since our early days. In fact, over 200 movies and TV shows have featured the Empire State Building in them!     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours   Fee: Yes \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ \b La Casa De Mis Primos SOFIA \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 11th Ave and 42nd Street, Hell's Kitchen, New York City, NY 10036, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.1 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 17 \line\ \line\ \b The French Quarters \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 346 West 46th Street, Hell's Kitchen, New York City, NY 10036, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.3 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 1476 \line\ \line\ \b Restaurant: \b0 \line\ \b L'industrie Pizzeria \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 254 S 2nd StWilliamsburg, NY 11211 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 123 \line\ \line\ \b Miscelanea NY \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 63 E 4th StNew York, NY 10003 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 93 \line\ \line\ \b Ruffian Wine Bar & Chef's Table \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace 125 E 7th StNew York, NY 10009 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 83 \line\ \line\ \line\ \line\  \b ************************************************DAY4************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ \b Statue of Liberty \b0 \line\ Address: \enspace Liberty Island, New York City, NY 10004 \line\ Description: \enspace The Statue of Liberty Enlightening the World was a gift of friendship from the people of France to the people of the United States and is a universal symbol of freedom and democracy. The Statue of Liberty was dedicated on October 28, 1886, designated as a National Monument in 1924 and restored for her centennial on July 4, 1986.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: Yes \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ 