{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}} \b ************************************************DAY1************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ Ground Zero Museum Workshop \line\ Address: \enspace 420 W 14th St, Floor 2, New York City, NY 10014-1064 \line\ Description: \enspace Ground Zero Museum Workshop: Images & Artifacts from the 9/11 Recovery, in the Meatpacking District near Chelsea Market and the High Line Park. A 5-Star Rated Tour. Want to feel what it was like to be with FDNY Firefighters on the front lines after the 9/11 attacks? Want to educate your kids about this tough subject in a gentle and non-threatening way? Experience the Stunning Images of Official Ground Zero Photographer Gary Marlon Suson. "Rare Photos" (New York Times) are displayed, some in lifelike 3D installations, as well as artifacts & rare video. Rated in Trip Advisor's "Top 25 Museums in the USA" for 2013 and 2014 and in Trip Advisor's "Hall of Fame." Presented in BOSE Surround Sound Audio. 100 Stories. Praised by parents as a "safe" introduction to 9/11. Guests are allowed to pick up rare World Trade Center artifacts. Daily 1.5-hour audio tours from 11am-3pm Wednesday through Sunday include a tour guide and the self-guided audio narration in Dolby Stereo, in English, Italian, French and Spanish. Proceeds shared with 9/11 and FDNY Charity. Walk-ins welcome. CLOSED MONDAY and TUESDAY. "Incredible Images" says Fox News Channel. Known worldwide as the "Biggest LITTLE Museum in New York." The "first stop" before heading to visit Ground Zero. On display are "The Frozen Clock" - "The Bible Page" - artifacts such as the largest piece of World Trade window glass in existence and many more well-known images featured on FOX NEWS, BBC and CNN. Small gift area sells books and posters. No graphic footage nor images from morning of 9/11 are shown at GZMW. Tastefully and realistically presented. This award-winning tour is a wonderful prequel to your visit to the National 9/11 Memorial + Museum. Reservations accepted. Handicapped accessible. New 2016 Fall Hours: Closed Monday + Tuesday. Open Wednesday thru Sunday 11am-3pm.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line \line\ The National 9/11 Memorial & Museum \line\ Address: \enspace 180 Greenwich St, World Trade Center, New York City, NY 10007-0089 \line\ Description: \enspace The National September 11 Memorial & Museum is a place of remembrance honoring those who perished in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and February 26, 1993. The 9/11 Memorial consists of two massive pools set within the original footprints of the Twin Towers with 30-foot waterfalls cascading down their sides. The nearly 3,000 names of the men, women, and children killed in the attacks are inscribed into bronze parapets surrounding the twin Memorial pools. The 9/11 Memorial is open daily from 7:30 a.m. - 9:00 p.m. and is free to the public. The 9/11 Memorial Museum displays monumental artifacts linked to the events of 9/11, while presenting intimate stories of loss, compassion, reckoning and recovery that are central to telling the story of the 2001 and 1993 attacks and the aftermath. It also explores the global impact of 9/11 and its continuing significance. The 9/11 Memorial Museum is open Sun - Thu, 9:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m., last entry at 6:00 p.m. and Fri and Sat, 9:00 a.m. - 9:00 p.m., last entry at 7:00 p.m. Tickets are required.Open Daily.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours   Fee: No \line \line\ The High Line \line\ Address: \enspace New York City, NY 10014 \line\ Description: \enspace The High Line is an elevated railway transformed into a public park on Manhattan's West Side. The park features lush horticulture, artworks, seasonal food vendors, community programming, and unique views of the Hudson River and New York City skyline. The High Line runs between Gansevoort Street to West 34th Street, between 10th and 12th Avenues.Friends of the High Line raises 98% of the High LineåäÌÝå»s annual budget. Owned by the City of New York, the High Line is a public park maintained, operated, and programmed by Friends of the High Line, in partnership with the New York City Department of Parks & Recreation.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 2-3 hours   Fee: No \line \line\ The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) \line\ Address: \enspace 11 West 53rd Street, New York City, NY 10019 \line\ Description: \enspace Located in the heart of midtown Manhattan, The Museum of Modern Art is home to the world's greatest collection of modern and contemporary art. The collection includes Vincent van Gogh's "The Starry Night" and Andy Warhol's "Gold Marilyn Monroe," along with works by Jackson Pollock, Jasper Johns, Cindy Sherman, Elizabeth Murray, and many other great artists of our time. MoMA's collection also showcases photography, film, architecture, design, media, and performance art. Visitors can also enjoy shopping and fine and casual dining options.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 2-3 hours   Fee: Yes \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ The William \line\ Address: \enspace 24 East 39th Street, Murray Hill, New York City, NY 10016, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.1 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 601 \line\ \line\ citizenM New York Times Square \line\ Address: \enspace 218 West 50th Street, New York City, NY 10019, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.1 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 5940 \line\ \line\ \b Restaurant: \b0 \line\ Andrea Salumeria \line\ Address: \enspace 247 Central AveJersey City, NJ 07307 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 169 \line\ \line\ L'industrie Pizzeria \line\ Address: \enspace 254 S 2nd StWilliamsburg, NY 11211 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 123 \line\ \line\ Miscelanea NY \line\ Address: \enspace 63 E 4th StNew York, NY 10003 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 93 \line\ \line\ \line\ \line\  \b ************************************************DAY2************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ The Metropolitan Museum of Art \line\ Address: \enspace 1000 5th Ave, New York City, NY 10028-0198 \line\ Description: \enspace At New York City's most visited museum and attraction, you will experience over 5,000 years of art from around the world. The Met is for anyone as a source of inspiration, insight and understanding. You can learn, escape, play, dream, discover, connect.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 2-3 hours   Fee: Yes \line \line\ Central Park \line\ Address: \enspace 59th to 110th Street, Manhattan Borough, from Central Park West to 5th Avenue, New York City, NY 10022 \line\ Description: \enspace For more than 150 years, visitors have flocked to Central Park's 843 green acres in the heart of Manhattan. Since 1980, the Park has been managed by the Central Park Conservancy, in partnership with the public. Central Park is open 6 am to 1 am daily. Visit the official website of Central Park to learn more about Park happenings and activities and to learn how you to help Central Park!     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: No \line \line\ American Museum of Natural History \line\ Address: \enspace 79th Street and Central Park West, New York City, NY 10024 \line\ Description: \enspace Interactive, modernized exhibits and an IMAX theater help bring this museum, dedicated to understanding the past, into the 21st century.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: Yes \line \line\ One World Observatory - World Trade Center \line\ Address: \enspace 1 World Trade Center, One World Trade Center, New York City, NY 10007-0089 \line\ Description: \enspace Start at the top of the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere, where you can truly feel the city's invincible spirit. SEE FOREVERåäÌ£å¢.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ The Bernic Hotel \line\ Address: \enspace 145 East 47th Street, Midtown East, New York City, 10017, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.6 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 9 \line\ \line\ InterContinental New York Barclay Hotel \line\ Address: \enspace 111 East 48th Street, Midtown East, New York City, 10017, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 462 \line\ \line\ \b Restaurant: \b0 \line\ Miscelanea NY \line\ Address: \enspace 63 E 4th StNew York, NY 10003 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 93 \line\ \line\ Sweet & Sara \line\ Address: \enspace 43-31 33rd StLong Island City, NY 11101 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 57 \line\ \line\ Ruffian Wine Bar & Chef's Table \line\ Address: \enspace 125 E 7th StNew York, NY 10009 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 83 \line\ \line\ \line\ \line\  \b ************************************************DAY3************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ Statue of Liberty \line\ Address: \enspace Liberty Island, New York City, NY 10004 \line\ Description: \enspace The Statue of Liberty Enlightening the World was a gift of friendship from the people of France to the people of the United States and is a universal symbol of freedom and democracy. The Statue of Liberty was dedicated on October 28, 1886, designated as a National Monument in 1924 and restored for her centennial on July 4, 1986.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: More than 3 hours   Fee: Yes \line \line\ Grand Central Terminal \line\ Address: \enspace 89 E 42nd Street, New York City, NY 10017-5503 \line\ Description: \enspace Grand Central Terminal is the most extraordinary public space in New York City. Opened to the public in 1913, this historic train terminal is a world-famous landmark in Midtown. Its rich history is a story of immense wealth and great engineering. Grand Central is one of the busiest train stations in the world, with approximately 750,000 visitors every day. It is the home of Metro-North Railroad, a subway station, iconic restaurants, shops, and the world's most alluring Apple Store. Some of the highlights to see along your tour of Grand Central include the opal-faced clock, valued at $20 million, above the Information Booth, the Largest Tiffany Glass Clock in the World below the 48-foot, 1500-ton Transportation statue overlooking 42nd Street at Park Avenue, and the mystifying acoustics of the Whispering Gallery in front of the Oyster Bar and Restaurant. Audio and guided tours are available for those with a passion for history. More information regarding tours and ways to plan your visit can be found on the Grand Central Terminal website.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line \line\ Broadway \line\ Address: \enspace New York City, NY \line\ Description: \enspace Description: The most famous theater district in the world. \line\ Detail: \enspace N.A. \line \line\ Rockefeller Center \line\ Address: \enspace 45 Rockefeller Plaza, New York City, NY 10111-0100 \line\ Description: \enspace Rockefeller Center is a national historic landmark in the heart of Midtown Manhattan. Home to Top of the Rock Observation Deck, NBC Studios, Radio City Music Hall and much more. Shop, dine and explore at one of New York's most inspiring locations.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours   Fee: No \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ Full Apartment in the Heart of New York \line\ Address: \enspace 53rd street 349, New York City, 10019, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.4 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 9 \line\ \line\ NobleDEN Hotel \line\ Address: \enspace 196 Grand Street, New York City, NY 10013, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.1 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 724 \line\ \line\ \b Restaurant: \b0 \line\ Andrea Salumeria \line\ Address: \enspace 247 Central AveJersey City, NJ 07307 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 169 \line\ \line\ Kichin \line\ Address: \enspace 297 BroadwayBrooklyn, NY 11211 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 95 \line\ \line\ L'industrie Pizzeria \line\ Address: \enspace 254 S 2nd StWilliamsburg, NY 11211 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 123 \line\ \line\ \line\ \line\  \b ************************************************DAY4************************************************ \b0 \line\ \b Attractions: \b0 \line\ Manhattan Skyline \line\ Address: \enspace New York City, NY \line\ Description: \enspace N.A. \line\ Detail: \enspace N.A. \line \line\ Top of the Rock Observation Deck \line\ Address: \enspace 30 Rockefeller Center, New York City, NY \line\ Description: \enspace Top of the Rock Observation Deck, the newly opened, 3-tiered observation deck on the 67th, 69th and 70th floors of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, is New York City's most amazing attraction! The unforgettable experience includes a panoramic 360-degree, unobstructed view from the 70th floor observatory, 850 feet in the sky! Hours of Operation: 8:00 AM - Midnight, last elevator goes up at 11:00 PM.Main entrance is located on 50th Street between 5th & 6th Avenues.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Fee: Yes \line \line\ Empire State Building \line\ Address: \enspace 350 Fifth Avenue, Between 33rd and 34th Streets, New York City, NY 10118-0110 \line\ Description: \enspace The world-famous Empire State Building offers unobstructed panoramic views of New York City and beyond from 8 a.m. until 2 a.m. daily. Our 86th and 102nd floor Observation Decks offer the two highest vantage points in New York City. Soaring 1,454 feet above Midtown Manhattan from base to antenna, the Empire State Building is the World's Most Famous Office Building. Named America's favorite building in a poll conducted by the American Institute of Architects, the Empire State Building is one of New York City's top tourist destinations. On a clear day, you can see up to five states from our Observation Decks - New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Massachusetts. Guests can enjoy our outdoor viewing area on our open-air 86th floor Observatory, or our indoor climate-controlled viewing areas on the 86th and 102nd floors. We recently launched our new Multimedia Experience as well, which guides visitors through the extraordinary exhibits and breathtaking views with additional depth on the building's history in eight languages - including English, Spanish, French, Italian, Mandarin, Portuguese, Japanese and Korean. The Empire State Building aims to provide entertainment for guests of all ages. Bringing children? Have their picture taken with King Kong himself on our 80th floor from Thursdays through Mondays (12 p.m. until 9 p.m.). Celebrating a first date or an anniversary? Enjoy romantic tunes from our saxophone player from 9 p.m. until midnight every Thursday through Saturday night. Tickets can be purchased through our website. Our celebrated tower lights are often illuminated to commemorate holidays, events and special causes. In the Fall of 2012, we upgraded our tower lighting system from floodlights to one-of-a-kind LED tower lights. The state-of-the-art system allows customized lighting capabilities from a palette of over 16 million colors! To watch some of our recent light shows, visit our YouTube page. Reigning as the world's tallest building from 1931 to 1970, the Empire State Building is known for its distinct Art Deco style. Construction of the renowned icon only took one year and 45 days, and logged more than 7 million man hours. This is the fastest construction to date for a project of its scale. Additionally, from classics like An Affair to Remember and Sleepless in Seattle to recent hits such as Oblivion and Elf, our place in pop culture has been solidified since our early days. In fact, over 200 movies and TV shows have featured the Empire State Building in them!     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours   Fee: Yes \line \line\ Times Square \line\ Address: \enspace Broadway, New York City, NY 10036 \line\ Description: \enspace Central area in NYC that has many shops, restaurants, office buildings and flashing billboards around it.     \line\ Detail: \enspace Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours \line \line\ \b Hotel: \b0 \line\ InterContinental New York Barclay Hotel \line\ Address: \enspace 111 East 48th Street, Midtown East, New York City, 10017, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 462 \line\ \line\ 414 Hotel \line\ Address: \enspace 414 West 46 Street, Hell's Kitchen, New York City, NY 10036, United States of America \line\ Score: \enspace 9.4 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 387 \line\ \line\ \b Restaurant: \b0 \line\ Sweet & Sara \line\ Address: \enspace 43-31 33rd StLong Island City, NY 11101 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 57 \line\ \line\ Miscelanea NY \line\ Address: \enspace 63 E 4th StNew York, NY 10003 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 93 \line\ \line\ Ruffian Wine Bar & Chef's Table \line\ Address: \enspace 125 E 7th StNew York, NY 10009 \line\ Score: \enspace 5.0 \line\ Reviews: \enspace 83 \line\ \line\ \line\ \line\ }\n\x00